okay you gotta be cool
log equation rocket lock in a long way
skip
keep it moving people
keep walking
it was a very sad day for me today when
I heard today just an hour ago and I
just I couldn't I have to bring these
flowers I just feel you know I don't
know how what can i say i'm speechless
he real down-to-earth man just funny
yeah he didn't have an attitude you
could talk to people he'd laugh crack a
joke it was so funny he was a very
gifted man he entertained many of us for
a number of years and he was such a
talent that it was really sad to hear
that he decided to end it today so he
will be missed and we're very grateful
that he blessed us with so many good
memories of movies and TV shows and he
was just really very talented
we were in town from East Coast we were
able to come up here and pay our
respects at his star on the Walk of Fame
here in Hollywood he'll be missed he was
a true legend I love Robin Williams I
see a lot of film with him and so I was
really short